
---
permalink: /iss2021/
# class: wide
title: "International Student Summit 2021"
# tagline: ""
toc: true
toc_label: Economics Research Centre
author_profile: true
excerpt: |
  The Summit brings students from different economies to exchange ideas through analysing public policies
# author: Travis Ng
header:
  overlay_color: "#000000"
  overlay_image: 
  overlay_filter: 0.5
  actions:

---
The APEC Study Centre, CUHK organizes the Summit to bring students from different economies to exchange ideas. Besides raising their global awareness and sharpening their analytical skills, students can learn from one another through analyzing various public policies they choose. 

Teamwork, research and presentations are expected from students.
## Details
### Dates:
#### 29th May 2021
Orientation and Training (online)
#### 26th June 2021
Presentation (online)

## Theme

## Important Dates

## Resigtration
Please fill in this [form](https://forms.office.com/r/RsHbL7Ezzp/) for registration. The registration deadline is at 23:45 (GMT +8 hrs, Hong Kong time) on 22nd May 2021. Each team is required to submit ONE application only. All information provided by the participants in the form will be verified through follow-ups. 

Shortlisted applicants will receive further notice by email before 27th May 2021. We will require additional information about your public policy choices for the implementation of this conference. Contact information provided will not be disclosed to a third party.

<li>Any enquires regarding the Summit can go to <a href="mailto:EconRC@cuhk.edu.hk">EconRC@cuhk.edu.hk</a></li>.

The Organizer reserves the right to amend the Summit's of the rules and regulations. Should there be a dispute, the Organizer reserves the right to the final decision. Once you are shortlisted for participation, the Organiser reserves the right to show your name and affiliation for promotional purposes on our website or other channels.
